Properly kill dev api-server (#11691)
redwoodjs/redwood: .changesets/11691.md

- Await and properly kill dev api-server (#11691) by @callingmedic911

> Sometime the api-server doesn't get killed in time before the new instance is started. This PR makes sure that we wait for the process. If it's not killed within 2 seconds, we send a SIGTERM to it.

Author: ```suggestion
Sometime the api-server doesn't get killed in time before the new instance is started. This change makes sure that we wait for the process. If it's not killed within 2 seconds with SIGTERM, we send a SIGKILL to it.
```
